Hahaha, wrap it all up.
Poor man, do you know all the bags in this store?
How much will it cost to buy it?
I'll tell you what.
If I sell you, you can't afford garbage like this.
simp
Why didn't I find you so bragging before?
today
If you can really buy all the bags in this store
I'll kneel down with Brother Fei and call you
OK
Received 5 million
Congratulations to the host for getting the rebate 500,000
The current limit of personal account is two 1 million
All the goods in your store add up to less than 300.
All the extra money is tips.
Mr. Homework, Mr. Homework, I'll go pack it now
You go with him
Ask him to take the bag home.
We can't take it back ourselves
Ok right
Don't forget to call Lu Xuan father you
My wife knelt down and asked me to listen to my father
What are you?
I am the royal master
It's also trash like you that can kill you
What's the matter, Miss Cleaner?
Look at how I call an ambulance now